Here is that interview trap about Custom Partitioner I mentioned.
Here's the equivalent Java implementation.
Here's a RegionPartitioner class in java Now you will never fall for it.
Here's a RegionPartitioner class in java.
The RegionPartitioner method is where the action happens.
First, we import the org.apache.kafka.clients.producer.Partitioner module.
Now we define our RegionPartitioner class implementing Partitioner — this encapsulates all the complexity in one clean interface.
Here we handle the Object value, byte[] valueByte operation.
At this point, we check if the values match — to handle the edge case that trips up most developers.
This is where we apply the @Override public void close decorator — for O of 1 constant time lookups.
This is why hash maps are interview gold.
we log the output to verify it works.